SPECIAL : LOCKPATHS

SPECIAL : GRAV

WAIT : 5

Greetings!

WAIT : 5

...

I followed your little excursion through my infrastructure, and I must say I'm impressed you made it here.

I couldn't resist studying you from a distance, I hope you didn't mind! I don't see your kind often here.

I see one of my kind already gave you the gift of communication. This is a great privilege for a small beast like you.

Were you sent by one of them? You could be a messenger... Let me see...

...

A quick isotopic analysis suggests you are native to No Significant Harassment's territory.

This is a very impressive hike for such a little beast! Although you seem to have seen worse...

I don't think NSH is the type to send me a purposed organism on a whim.

Although knowing his... facetious personality, I could be wrong.

But you don't look like a joke. You might simply be lost.

WAIT : 5

Well anyway, welcome to my small island!

I have to apologize for the mess, my bacteria colonies are spewing sulfur everywhere...

You probably met them on your way here, they're hard to miss.

I'm in the middle of cleaning up, trying to contain them in my memory conflux for now.

Some invasive flora is also trying to force its way through my circuits, but I have grown accustomed to it.

WAIT : 3

Anyway, I'm afraid I can't offer you much for your condition.

WAIT : 3

You are not doing well, you know that?

WAIT : 2

I'm impressed you found the time to visit me.

WAIT : 5

It's likely not enough, but I very much hope this helps you.

SPECIAL : FOODMAX+KARMA10+CURE

There might be a way for you. For the suffering to end.

Follow the old path. Go to the north-west, past the overgrown farms.

Then down into the earth, where the rock boils, go as deep as you can reach.

You're resourceful, I'm sure you'll find your way.

You can exit my structure by using the access shaft on the left.

Take care of the little time you have left.

WAIT : 3

Farewell.

SPECIAL : PARTIALGRAV

SPECIAL : UNLOCKPATHS