SPECIAL : LOCKPATHS

SPECIAL : GRAV

WAIT : 10

SPECIAL : SHOWBRAINPIC

SPECIAL : MARK

Hello?

WAIT : 5

...

WAIT : 5

Is this reaching you?

WAIT : 10

Greetings!

WAIT : 10

I followed your little excursion through my infrastructure, and I must say I'm impressed you made it here.

I couldn't resist studying you from a distance, I hope you don't mind! I have never seen one of your kind here.

I think I know what you are. It's evident that you are a purposed organism. 

You were designed to be a messenger, did you know that?

I bet you come on behalf of Seven Red Suns. Their overseers can't quite reach this place.

You must have crossed Five Pebbles lands... 

How is Big Sister Moon doing? Haven't heard of her in quite a few cycles... 

My overseers don't enter the retaining wall, not anymore.

...

Excuse my manners, you must be exhausted.

Welcome to my small island! Please take the time to rest, you're safe here.

WAIT : 5

I apologize for the mess, my bacteria colonies are spewing sulfur everywhere...

You probably met them on your way here, they're hard to miss.

I'm in the middle of cleaning up, trying to contain them in my memory conflux for now.

And as if that was not enough, I’m fighting an invasion of the local ecosystem!

Tough little things...

...

WAIT : 5

Anyway, enough about me! 

I'm afraid I can't offer you much right now.

I believe this small gift should help you find what you seek. 

SPECIAL : FOODMAX+KARMA10

You must have noticed the peculiarity of being tethered to this physical world, waking up again and again.

I sometimes wish I was a little beast like you, because you have a way out.

Follow the old path. Go to the north-west, past the overgrown farms.

Then down into the earth, where the rock boils, go as deep as you can reach.

You're resourceful, I'm sure you'll find your way.

WAIT : 5

It may be ill advised to give such instructions to a messenger,  but I think you deserve it.

WAIT : 5

You can exit my structure by using the access shaft on the left.

I will now resume my work, there is much to be done.

WAIT : 5

Good luck, little one.

SPECIAL : PARTIALGRAV

SPECIAL : UNLOCKPATHS