0-TM_Spire-Spear
This pearl contains an automated systems log of a dish on the local transmission spire.<LINE>It must have been quite a climb to retrieve this, little one!

These spires were constructed as one of the many megaprojects of the void fluid revolution. As with many of these projects, the<LINE>unique capabilities of the substance prompted much excitement and innovation, leading to countless ventures of... varying success.

You see, while the height of the revolution brought about a great many advancements - such as us iterators<LINE> - there were equally as many haphazard constructions, abandoned projects and flawed designs. 

The spire network is one of the more extreme examples of this - it was designed as a universal replacement for<LINE>the substratospheric communications arrays, but a major flaw in their lensing frameworks means that they are<LINE>tremendously difficult to use for anything except very long-range relay transmissions.

This critical design flaw wasn't even considered until far too late into construction, so the collectives involved in the project just<LINE>saw it to completion, then proceeded to declare it was always meant to operate as such. And since the existing arrays were perfectly functional already,<LINE>this new network quickly became a vastly overengineered long-distance relay, as far as most were concerned.

The... rather prestigious self-image of my creators led to most failings being sent to the archives and promptly forgotten,<LINE>but I recall this one lingering. Some of my city's inhabitants found much amusement in the whole affair.

However, this system has become somewhat of a lifeline in recent times, as more of our standard arrays continue to decay.<LINE>As challenging as its usage may be, the transmission node network is nothing if not robust, not to mention its protected<LINE>placement above the rain storms - nowadays, it's nearly essential for communicating outside our local clusters. 

I've been unable to access this particular transmission node for quite some time, due to my... current predicament.<LINE>This log suggests it's still in working order though, despite some structural alerts about critical water shortages.

I've been seeing far too many of those myself in recent times...