0-132
Ah, this one has already decayed. Broadcast data is always difficult to preserve for a long time.<LINE>Don't lose heart, I can put the pearls you bring to new use with just a small formatting!

All the information is blurry, like looking through a rain curtain. I can only read some dates.

This broadcast node came from a long time ago. In the last few transmissions, the iterator lost contact with the outside world,<LINE>perhaps due to a problem with the broadcasting facilities. I hope everything is good for them now.

Unfortunately, there's nothing left on it, little one!

Oh, it only has a few words left. For an old iterator like me, it's difficult to calculate its original text~

Unfortunately, it's already empty. You won't be disheartened by this, will you, little one?

This is a conversation from the local group. Thanks to these aging facilities, at that time it became increasingly<LINE>difficult for us to get in touch with Chasing Wind. Everyone seems to be trying to hide their unease - we all have<LINE>to this day, but when a fellow companion really starts to lose contact, no one can remain calm.

This one has faded. Do you want to trade it with the scavenger?

A damaged read-only data. We have no way of knowing what it has written!

This is a relay broadcast from a long time ago. We were so innocent and happy during those days.

"Transcendental Inversion! Transcendental Inversion!" Haha, you must have been confused by us.<LINE>This is a joke that only iterators can understand.

This a medical report of Five Pebbles, which shows that everything is good.<LINE>He's not as good now as he used to be! Guess whose fault that is?

I can only barely read some header information, and there's nothing interesting.

This one is blank, but I will fill in some things sooner or later.

This is a list of surface equipment, and we really don't care much about it.

This is the fluid pressure log. In fact, without an iterator to read this, then how can we know when an abnormality occurs? 

Only a portion of the name and date can be read, and the conversation content has faded.<LINE>Unfortunately, I'm quite curious!

This is the basic information of a purposed organism.

This is an image of a small blue animal. There are very few blue creatures in their natural state - but our creators<LINE>are dedicated to creating them, and undoubtedly have developed some color collection fetish.

Haha, this is fun! Here is a picture of a scavenger with an extreme kleptomania for pearls, tormented and disoriented<LINE>by their hobby. Thanks to you little animals, we never lack humor in the boring rain cycles.

It's an image of three overseers from different iterators. Haha, Haha, maybe the overseers are gossiping with each other!<LINE>Those clumsy purposed organisms will always bring some fun. Of course I'm not talking about you, clever little creature,<LINE>although you and your kind are also very interesting.

This is the last communication before the collapse of Moon. Although everything except the first sentence<LINE>has been corrupted, I am sure I still remember every word.