0-PV_Mural
Well this is an interesting find. This pearl contains a patent detailing a new usage for void fluid.

Have I already explained what void fluid is to you? I suppose I only need<LINE>to give a brief explanation for you to understand this pearl’s contents.

To put it simply, void fluid is an incredibly corrosive substance found deep in the ground. Its properties are so potent,<LINE>that it can allow a person to completely remove themself from the cycle if submerged in the substance.

Additionally, it has many mechanical applications, so a document adding to the already expansive list of uses is not too special.<LINE>What sets this one apart, however, is that it attempts to invalidate pure void fluid as the main method of ascension.

It was already known that void fluid baths were not a perfect method of erasure. The substance that had been so tediously extracted from the ground could only be used<LINE>for a single bath before being reduced to an impure waste product, and there were rumors circulating that the process even doesn't guarantee a complete ascension.

What this document proposes is that, when the void fluid becomes impure, it is not only tainted with physical material, but also the spiritual essence of the person dissolved.<LINE>Their memories, motives, attachments... these constitute their karma, which becomes trapped in the waste puddle.

Yet at the right concentration, this byproduct of the ascension process can become what the author describes as a “karmically neutral” substance.<LINE>Submerging oneself in this liquid can apparently give the feeling of being unshackled from the cycle without actually erasing oneself.<LINE>A sort of limbo between survival and ascension, being touted as a safe alternative to the real thing.

With how highly my creators revered ascension, I can only assume this proposal would have been considered downright taboo.<LINE>But I should give credit where it is due: this is a more put together proposition than what many of my peers have found.