0-LI_NGIlog2-spear
Ah, this appears to be written by an iterator by the name of No Grand Ideas. Although I've never had a one-on-one conversation with him before, his slanderous discourse around Sliver of Straw's passing paints quite an ugly picture.<LINE>I'll read it for you, brave messenger, but please do not return to where you found this. If he can be that volatile to his own colleagues, it horrifies me what he could do to you.

"1559.831 - [PRIVATE ARCHIVED INSCRYPTION]

I have made my first sin, and the utter disgust I feel is worthy of a written confession of this nature.

Whilst inducting karmatic fields through the cell membranes of a common species of worm, I greatly miscalculated the entropy values for the sulfur cast mold involved.<LINE>Though the impact was thankfully minimal, I was forced to purge three modules from my research bay to prevent further contamination. 

It pains me to say this, but perhaps I can atone for this and prevent future mistakes by finally reopening communication channels with those fools. I cannot forgive them for<LINE>their blasphemous remarks about our Great Task and Sacred Creators, but I must admit their skills in managing these strains of biota far exceed mine.

Sometimes you must swallow your pride in order to serve thy honour and duty."

Though it is a common task among newer generations of iterators, I am unequipped to attempt such biological experiments, and am far from an expert on the subject. But from what I can gather, the author messed up a simple experiment so<LINE>poorly that it almost resulted in complete disaster. I was never one to gossip, but I remember when a certain member of my local group caught wind of NGI's accident, told the others, and it was nothing but jokes from them for cycles.<LINE>Humor is hard to come by in our lives, and many stir up this sort of ruckus just to pass the time, even if it means embarrassing one another to the whole world. If only I knew back then the anger this humiliation can cause, maybe I could've<LINE>stopped No Grand Idea's descent into madness. Maybe it would've made me better prepared for the current situation with my neighbor. I don't know anymore...