poop
Ah, this appears to be written by an iterator by the name of No Grand Ideas. Although I've never had a one-on-one conversation with him before, his slanderous discourse around Sliver of Straw's passing paints quite an ugly picture.<LINE>I'll read it for you, brave messenger, but please do not return to where you found this. If he can be that volatile to his own colleagues, it horrifies me what he could do to you.

"1559.831 - [PRIVATE ARCHIVED INSCRYPTION]

I have made my first sin, and the utter disgust I feel is worthy of a written confession of this nature.

Whilst inducting karmatic fields through the cell membranes of a common species of worm, I greatly miscalculated the entropy values for the sulfur cast mold involved.<LINE>Though the impact was thankfully minimal, I was forced to purge three modules from my research bay to prevent further contamination.

It pains me to say this, but perhaps I can atone for this and prevent future mistakes by finally reopening communication channels with those fools. I cannot forgive them for<LINE>their blasphemous remarks about our Great Task and Sacred Creators, but I must admit their skills in managing these strains of biota far exceed mine.

Sometimes you must swallow your pride in order to serve thy honour and duty."

Though it is a common task among newer generations of iterators, I am unequipped to attempt such biological experiments, and am far from an expert on the subject. But from what I can gather, the author messed up a simple experiment so<LINE>poorly that it almost resulted in complete disaster. I was never one to gossip, but I remember when a certain member of my local group caught wind of NGI's accident, told the others, and it was nothing but jokes from them for cycles.<LINE>Humor is hard to come by in our lives, and many stir up this sort of ruckus just to pass the time, even if it means embarrassing one another to the whole world. If only I knew back then the anger this humiliation can cause, maybe I could've<LINE>stopped No Grand Idea's descent into madness. Maybe it would've made me better prepared for the current situation with my neighbor. I don't know anymore...

This pearl contains a outgoing message from Forking Silver Streams, Nine Glowing Brimstones, who appears to be the foreman of a mining facility with coordinates quite far from where we stand.

Now I'm sure you know how pretentious my creators can be, but this is on a whole other level~! This dialect is from long before the Void Fluid Revolution,<LINE>before my forerunners unlocked the true potentials of bioengineering. In more recent times, alloys would be grown from certain strains of fungi or recycled in scrap foundries, but many ages ago, people had to rip metal out from the earth itself.<LINE>I know the process sounds dirty, but my creators respect for the environment did not change even up until their passing. My kind is just one of the many living examples of that.

The outgoing message in this pearl is in regards to the closure of the mining facility and a predicted mass exodus from the cliffside dwellings by the now unemployed miners.<LINE>Many reasons for this closure are mentioned, but perhaps the most intriguing one is due to an iterator facility being constructed nearby. Checking the coordinates embedded into this message within my geographical database,<LINE>it lines up with someone by the name of No Grand Ideas. Although I have not directly spoken with him, he has appeared in many Sliverist groups I was researching for my essay on an iterator by the name of Sliver of Straw.<LINE>His opinions towards her are quite disrespectful, and I'm sure he wouldn't treat you any other way. Be careful if you wish to return to where you got this.