SPECIAL : LOCKPATHS
SPECIAL : GRAV
WAIT : 10
SPECIAL : SHOWBRAINPIC
SPECIAL : MARK
WAIT : 10
Greetings, little intruder!
WAIT : 5
I have followed your small excursion in climbing my infrastructure with great interest.
It really was quite peculiar; a non-native specimen appearing out of nowhere from the depths of my island.
I am sure I would enjoy discovering where you have come from, though my systems have long since atrophied to uselessness.
WAIT : 5
There is certainly something wrong with you; I don't need many tools to tell you that.
You do not belong here. You are stranded in an unfamiliar world.
Are you attempting to find your way back home, or are you working for something else? Someone or something dear?
I am afraid I cannot offer you much guidance in my current state.
I would offer you direction, but my overseers are unreliable as of late.
Peculiar fate for a being like myself, isn't it? To slowly lose one's cognitive functions...
It is... sad to say, though I decay further with each passing cycle.
My immune systems have long since begun to falter, and foreign organisms have started to creep toward my main processing systems.
Some rather crafty scavengers are doing a fair enough job of helping maintain my structural integrity, but it is simply not enough.
WAIT : 5
It won't be long before I am completely covered and buried by the life of this land.
...
My processes have become irregular.
I hear the thoughts and feel the emotions of such strange creatures in near-dreams...
suddenly becoming aware of my surroundings in deep and novel ways.
I feel strangely close to the tiny beasts crawling throughout my circuitry.
Is this a hint toward the Solution? Is it perhaps the right path?
Hmm...
...
Enough about myself! I am quite sorry you have to hear my ramblings, I don't often have the opportunity to converse anymore.
I should welcome you to my small island; at least, what remains of it.
I hope that we both find what we are looking for. 
You seem resourceful; I'm sure you'll find your way back.
WAIT : 5
Good luck, little one.
SPECIAL : PARTIALGRAV
SPECIAL : UNLOCKPATHS