0-74
Hm. Just an automated invoice, back from era of Tan dynasty. Boring, tasteless, and absolutely<LINE>of no importance to either of us.
That's not a pearl, but a printed diamond.<LINE>Used to be extremely valuable. Oh how far it fell in price. Even the scavengers would see it no different<LINE>from any other pearl.
A small verse, written by a low-caste poet. I have no records of his or her persona, lower castes<LINE>weren't allowed on my can. But it is definitely quite interesting to find out someone enjoyed poetry, and by those they deemed lowly.
"Fifteen stems of sun bark, hydrolyzed"... Wait, this is just a recipe for holy ash. Outdated to no end, too!<LINE>This has to come from very early dynasties, when mask factories were still rampant.
This pearl cannot be read. No internal cracks, so I guess it simply faded.<LINE>You could still use it for trading with the scavengers.
Inside this pearl is a pre-ascension decree to close up one of the Farm Arrays. For some reason - not all<LINE>spokes were closed off. I don't quite understand if my creators still cared about bio-sustainability at that point or not...
This is an early design for a refuse reclamation automaton. Garbage disposal, basically. I can't say if<LINE>this specific model was a success, but it didn't stop here.
An official, written appeal. The monks didn't enjoy my can standing atop a citadel, throwing a shady pall upon it.<LINE>As you can see, however, their plea was ignored.
"I cannot tell anyone about this, can I?" Interesting. This is a diary of a pre-Iterator era laborer.<LINE>Just a single entry, though. In it they describe terrifying dreams, affecting their sleep quality. 
This pearl is damaged, and cannot... Wait. It has been drilled through, but somehow the kernel remained untouched!<LINE> I'm sure the scavengers didn't know what they're doing, but it's quite curious how they managed to bore a hole in such a dense<LINE>carbon sphere, while at the same time accidentally preserving the kernel, thus saving some of its data... I thought they have no technology.<LINE>Oh, the data? Just an outdated theory on karmic transposition.
A charcoal drawing of some monks living underground, nothing more.
Some kind of message in a language I'm not familiar with. I've seen it only twice, and in both cases it was forbidden<LINE>to bring up again. Moon would probably tell you this pearl is empty.
Empty. Yes, simple as that.
This pearl is empty. Use it for trading.
It's empty now, but has been written to before.
This pearl sat in the sun way too long, it's completely faded... At this point it's nothing but<LINE>a carbon sphere of no value. Except maybe to scavengers, of course.
This pearl is... strange. I can't make it out, there's a strange impression on its side. Oh, and its<LINE>kernel and outer layer both cracked. Ah well.
A list of items, but I can't understand the language. I'm sorry, <PlayerName>.
I see a vague memory of a family portrait, painted in the High Classical manner that was famous during the Yellow hegemonic literary dynasty.<LINE>The portrait is likely a fake, as this style was quite fashionable for aspirational lower caste aristocrats to impress each-other with.<LINE>This one does not impress, I assure you.
This pearl is just full of garbage noise and symbols, my apologies. It bears absolutely no meaning!
This one has been scrambled, it's completely illegible. I can try to decipher it but... Nah.<LINE>Some boring business documents perhaps.
Quite faded, but still somewhat readable. This pearl seems to depict a tall structure with banners unfurled.
It's faded. Not entirely, but... I can't be bothered to look any deeper. I'm sure there's nothing important.
An instruction on how to grow a skeleton. About your size, but completely different structure. I have no<LINE>idea what it could be used for, or if it was ever made.
Hmm... "4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42..."? Some kind of an unusual cypher, I'd assume.
It's a number 260, repeating over and over. Occasionally some other numbers appear as well.
This one is filled with active working memory, although I see no traces of mine or Moon's process handles...
It's completely full, with nothing. Starts with a number "8", then at the very end - "12".
This is a blueprint for a support beam, mass-produced. 
It's a design for a machine that makes bolts.
This pearl seems to contain some sort of a recipe, but it makes zero sense to me.
This pearl contains an old poem. Or rather, a picture of that poem, written on old parchment.
A very detailed genome of a sulfur-processing microbe. Those weren't useful for any of us, except maybe some rare<LINE>iterators that worked on thermal energy.
Uh-huh. And another one goes into a deep collection of misrepresentations and misunderstandings.<LINE>Oh, I'm sorry <PlayerName>, this is just an old text of no value.
Fifty verses of a hymn, followed by the same hymn repeated 3 more times. What a bore.
Unknown to me language. Sorry, nothing that I can read here.
List of random numbers, nothing important.
"Dear diary...".<LINE>If you expect anything else - don't. This is all there is.
A model of a pipe section, similar to the ones used in drainage systems to bring water to older iterators. 
It's a list of components available for purchase, to build your own sky-sail. Our parents used those<LINE>to travel the skies in distant times.
A production blueprint for purification incenses. Very simple, very small, even you could do it. Just need<LINE>some holy pellets, fire and a reason to do this in the first place.
Uh, what? This drawing makes no sense. On second look, if I turn it upside down, it looks a little bit like an iterator's<LINE>underhang! I see now, it's a child's depiction of early stages of an iterator construction.
This pearl is pure blasphemy, even Moon would agree. Take it away.
A schematic of a bunch of gas pipes. Perhaps for a purposed creature? Doesn't look well made, it probably wouldn't<LINE>survive once built, or would suffer.
14, 13, 5, 14, 13, 5... Oh, it goes on and on. Never mind, seems to be heap garbage data.
All I can read is "and Thus we Conclude, that Gold and Water shall...".<LINE>Maybe a treaty between two houses?
It's... this pearl. Oh, and inside it is also this pearl. Is this recursed? Seems to be. Either Sign's jokes, ejected as far<LINE>as he could, or one of the monks thought they were being funny.