0
This is a poem written by one of the citizens of Three Small Frogs, rather soon after her construction.

It is partially transcribed in Qualia, the rest in feverish, scorned plaintext. The language here is not dissimilar to<LINE>the one spoken by my own citizens, however the regional dialect very clearly shines through in the written verses.<LINE>The author was very clearly incredibly bitter when writing this, and the vitriol oozes from every line that was transcribed.

The opinions expressed here relate to a historical site turned modern meditation retreat,<LINE>located on a Steppe far to the west of my Facility grounds and past the expanse.

It was a rather infamous site, as supposedly only the most spiritually inclined individuals could bare the constant<LINE>flooding, and it was said to be the key to true spiritual enlightenment.

Through remaining indifferent and unbothered by the agonizing conditions, it was said<LINE>that one could shed one's own worldly desires and achieve perfected enlightenment.

This hypothesis was never fully tested, as the Three Grand Headmasters that oversaw the neighboring local group's lands<LINE>decided to bury the temple in liquid concrete to construct a Data Matrix for the iterator they would be moving atop of.

For countless reasons this was considered an incredibly controversial action, one which sent ripples throughout the<LINE>communities of both iterators, and the citizens atop us. No matter the distance from Three Small Frogs' Facility grounds,<LINE>for the longest time you could catch wind of some bitter argument relating to the construction just about anywhere.

Though I do wish they publicly accessible, I can admit from a practical standpoint the Data Matrices are<LINE>an infinitely more useful resource in the greater scheme of the world.

And if you ask me, the merits of freezing oneself in hopes of reaching enlightenment quickly gives way when you<LINE>picture the humble monk desperately clinging to the material world in hopes of surviving the elements.
