0-0
This is a recording of a conference discussing the matter of transportation throughout the various domains of the world.<LINE>Such recordings used to be commonplace. Irritating more so. However, this is quite a discovery after many eras of silence.

In the recording, one of my creators affirmed dominance over earthen transport - appearing to be particularly impressed by the automated railway networks.<LINE>However, he was concerned with the seas and skies. Established procedures of oceanic transport had been rendered useless by storms brought about by the operations of my kind.<LINE>Communities became further isolated from one another. Aerial transport too affected by the storms.

Curiously, he claimed that weather was not the worst bane of traversing the skies.<LINE>Certain esoteric forces at high altitudes - greater than even the city above you - made practical aerial transport impossible.<LINE>He proved the existence of these forces with data from facilities that scrape the heavens. Further elaboration was classified.

The speaker proposed a solution to this lesser problem - experimental technology that warped the physical medium until two points were connected.<LINE>Transportation through reducing distance rather than transportation through traversing distance. Instantaneous travel in which nothing tangible moved at all.<LINE>The precise calculations required would have been the sort of activity my kind excel at.  

Such technology held promise. Unfortunately, the recording was swiftly terminated before he could elaborate more on the status of development.<LINE>It was seemingly silenced. I have seen this happen to a multitude of similar recordings. My creators’ taboos often restricted disruptive ideas.<LINE>If not taboos, recordings could be censored to obfuscate classified scientific or holy information from the public.

Regardless, my creators never appeared to have fully developed this technology.<LINE>I do not doubt it was possible though - with or without our help.